100 thieves is back in action today
after a match against CLG I'm joined
right now by after me with coverage
presented by Omni slash talked a little
bit about that okay here we go
boring generic question about you
beating your old team ready go
got anything it was great in the
hard-fought match I died six times that
wasn't fun but uh it's always uh-oh
once I get technical difficulties whoa
hold up they're coming they're only say
one second Oh any second hmm I don't
even know they're gonna be keep on keep
on you good okay anyway back back back
to the answer yeah usually right before
the game starts little nervous playing
against my old teammates because it
feels a little wrong I guess or like I
don't know how just maybe I miss him but
uh I had to do a tune with the bar today
I felt bad but at least they finally got
to play against it I just I mean a
little bit cuz we have to check that box
you know you play against CLG I have to
start the interview with that question
no but let's talk a little bit more
about that game which seemed very
confusing and odd and at times I was
scared for the future North America
because strange things were happening in
it I mean do you feel like it was a
pretty standard game it seemed very
strange what was it strange Travis well
okay so the kids these days use this
term called clown fiesta and it felt as
though both teams were doing a lot of
weird things do you would you say that
that was maybe I'm wrong I am not nearly
as good at least legends as you are do
you think that that was like a well
strategized
articulate like you know Mozart style
masterpiece of a league of legends game
so once you get into the mid to late
game you figure out if you can either
siege start a team fight get a pig split
push and mmm couldn't siege anymore we
could start a team fight so most team
fights all start from middle because you
don't want to start at some random-ass
place
and when all the objectors are down the
middle of the map is most important so
the every single team is gonna stand
there if I'm a most likely we don't have
split and then one no so we didn't have
any of those besides started in
teamfight middle and most of the time
for any game if you don't really have
win conditions in the other four you
will have to get make control and then
see who makes a mistake because you
can't do anything else
so at that point most people will call
it a clown fiesta but it's literally
both teams just playing as perfect as
they can waiting for a mistake and then
capitalize on it so it's either I Bartle
to sign looks for an engaged sejuani
literally throwing me six times in a row
to kill me
right so stuff like that is where the
game is that it's like peak of stress
levels or it's like one mistake it
either swings is for them or swings for
us okay so I mean it's a fair line of
conversation then so do you feel like
this game was actually fine it's just it
looks weird from a viewer perspective
because sort of the way that these comps
and the game is playing out yeah I
thought it was a pretty standard game
okay 400 thieves you guys had a tough
week last week lost yesterday but you
you get to win today with CLG so what
what's been going on why have you guys
been struggling sort of in the middle of
the season because you started off
really strong mm-hmm I think being in
the split isn't really telling for most
teams on who's gonna be good waiting on
the split and it's all about everyone's
on the process of getting better so who
can continue that at a very steady pace
without falling apart yeah hmm so for us
at the beginning of this blade it was
mostly you know hyper carry tank line
kog'maw was meta and so Cody's really
good at that and once we got to like
week three and four played fight
question GG's in the same week
I think the meta was changing a little
differently you know how people playing
carries top and stuff like that so we
had to figure out what we actually want
to do how we want to do it what are the
most priority picks and then felt like
we were always missing a step
no sometime still are you know it can
happen otherwise we just have to go
through all the motions which is you
know
how we want to play what do you want to
do with this chat how does it fit in our
comm and that requires a lot of talking
and then a lot of practice playing that
stuff
how are things going behind the scenes
because I didn't interview with probably
I want to say week three where I asked
him what it's like coaching the team and
he said well you know the thing is
there's so many veterans on the team
oftentimes that have been leaders on
their own teams that you end up in
situations where everybody has their own
idea of like how to handle a situation
and it's about sort of figuring out what
the best solution is and sorting through
everyone's opinions so you know like I
could imagine a situation where behind
the scenes like there's a lot of
discussion like oh no this is our
problem oh no this is our problem here
oh this is how we should have handled
this so very very curious how in the
past couple of weeks is you guys have
hit that mid mid split stumble how
things have been going behind the scenes
it's always gonna be heated arguments
when someone thinks something someone
think something else not a lot for that
on our team I think mostly what it is is
figuring out the information that we
need to figure out the best way to play
so if someone thinks that you know they
can do this we look at the situation
someone else had a different plan but we
go with this one doesn't work it's a lot
of that and figuring out how all each
member of our team works together all of
that takes a little while for most teams
but as long as we keep talking about
what we want to do how we want to do it
what you think we can do and then in
game I call it like action comms is like
when the situation comes I mean the
person who has the biggest advantage in
that scenario should be the guy that
calls out the most important thing so
like this pass game Cody and me were
moving around from tower to tower like
we can straight up just siege for free
get every single tower so we're talking
the most and making sure our team can
support that and then once it goes like
mid game let's say we're 131 mainly on
side lanes you know what they can and
can't do and work with them from that so
I think
we're not used to having a lot of people
talk all the time so it's not chaotic
but it's just important that we have a
lot of time to explain our thoughts
figure it out so we can figure out how
to play okay so what's next 400 thieves
is this is this truly Istanbul Jake's
dad expense these dad he's like the
biggest yeah Ann's mom but he he was the
one wave I just like that he's so
passionate about all you guys everybody
that played by TechSmith he's a phantom
but okay is it was the split just so the
last couple losses just a stumble for
the team and you guys are gonna write
yourself do you think that everything's
fine walking out of that game do you
feel like you have a lot of confidence
for the future of the team I had
confidence even in our losses happens
yeah happens every team liquid jizz loss
today they're golden Guardians as well
you know so happens every team and all
of those but all it is about is
improving and stuff like that but I know
we can do it and stumbles will happen
it's a part of growing as a team we'll
come out of time kind of wrapping up the
interview with golden Guardians in the
loss and then winning against its heat
today to Team Liquid I feel like a lot
of people have been down on that team
literally whenever I post interviews
with golden Guardians members on my my
YouTube channels people are watching
right now the comments are often like
Gaeta korean so so I'm just curious so
what your assessment is of that team
because they've been taking a lot of
heat for kind of going with this North
American roster or a lot of people
people that have been rookies on past
teams and all that kind of stuff
I think golden Guardians aren't that as
bad as everyone say they do they did
have a tune a record yeah but sorry I
don't they have high as their mid laner
and he's very macro oriented and really
good about getting his team in the right
spot and stuff like that
so I think they're just the same as any
other team but somebody has to lose and
they're the ones that have the losses
happens and I do you think they'll
probably upset a couple more teams
coming down to the second half of the
split and I do think all their players
are pretty good because when they were
on their old respective teams they were
pretty good
anything you would say - you need the
hundred these fans out there Thanks you
check out the rest of our coverage of
all things eSports right here on my
youtube channel have you noticed that
I'm not the one doing the interviews
anymore and instead you're stuck with
Travis sucks right so you know don't
subscribe don't follow
but do drop a mean and nasty comment by
all me /